SCP Secure. Contain. Protect
Item#: SCP 323-A
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: The Defensive Protocol Initiative Squad (DPIS) must be activated and be wearing protective gear while handling this SCP. SCP is said to be extremely 
hostile and dangerous to society in general and will attack at will. SCP 323-B and SCP 323-C have been secured. Handle with acid-repellent shields as it is known to throw acid from 
the swamp it currently resides in. However, be it lucky of unlucky, the local police in that area have secured it. Immediate dispatch of the DPIS is required to prevent the death 
of the residents living within the 2km distance of SCP 323-A.


Data about the happenings on [DATA REDACTED] at [DATA REDACTED]:
Act 1 1900 Hours
The boy hid near the trees, unable to fimd his family. It was setting, the sun. The soft warm glow of the sun slowly disappeared as the boy started to crumble down, his resilience
chipping away as the minutes passed. Soon, darkness would be upon the land. The by layed on the ground defeated, his tired body flat on the snowy cold floor. "Hey kid, get up." 
a gruff voice resounded. The boy open his eyes ever so slightly, woke up by a voice. He could see the blurry sight of a big buff man looking at him. He got up, but his legs crumpled
on his weight and he immediately fell. Realising he was unable to get up, the man carried him up. The boy's eyes slowly closed for the second time. The man got a firm grip on the boy 
boy back to his house. "Where... where am I?" The boy said hoarsely. " You are in my house, I... rescued. no. saved you. From the cold." "Oh, thank... thanks!" The man smiled. 
It had been a while since...
Act 2 2000 hours
"Keep an eye out, he has to be somewhere here." "We should go back g-guys, we are really in deep water if we don't go now!" "What do you think will happen to us if we do go back 
now? It'll be worse than going back without Jin later". Jared, Jill and Leonard climbed the ice cold mountain in the freezing cold, in search of their one friend, that they lost so 
carelessly in a game of hide and seek. "Come, I think I see a light!" "Let's go! It is!" The three ran only to find a dying flame and something... burnt. "What is this? It looks
weird." Jared commented". "I don't know, but throw it away, its useless." "Wait!" Jill exclaimed. "That's Arthur's ring!""Wait, you mean the lost kid?" "Yeah."
Act 3 2300 hours
"Oh no, Jill's down!" Jared shouted. *thud* "Leonard?" Jared's eyes widened as he stared at his two best friends lying on the ground. He collapsed onto the floor, defeated and tired,
his legs freezing cold and weak. "Hey kiddo, you alright?" Jared's eyes  remained barely opened, his breath running short as the cold started getting to him. Come on,
let's get you to a safe place..." Jared's vision blurred and the last thing he saw was the dead body of his friends, frozen, and left to die...


Act 4. Finale, 3 Days later
"Hey Ronney, did you see the recent news?" "Yes. Poor things, stuck and lost in a winter night." "Wait. Honey, look at this, they arrested a man on the mountain! And... he was charged
for..." Their eyes widened in terror as they read the last word. Cannibalism. 


Anyone exposed to SCP 323-A will experience nausea and dizziness and must stay in nearby vicinity to a toilet as they may have a urgent need to throw up when near to the SCP. It
is highly recommended that SCP-323 be kept under huge floodlights at all times as its eyes are hypnotising and can cause strange effects on personnel who enter. Entry to visit or
experiment on SCP 323-A is restricted to two people in heavy armour with level 3 clearance. Also. after leaving they must be under a 24 hour quarantine to ensure that they do not
show any signs of being hypnotized by SCP 323-A. 

Experiment Log, [Data Lost]:
Dr. [DATA REDACTED]: Hello, what is your purpose here and why do you seek to kill?
SCP 323-A: Silence. I do not answer to mere mortals such as you.
Dr. [DATA REDACTED]: Please co-operate or we will have to...
SCP 323-A: *Turns around* *Silence*
Dr. [DATA REDACTED]: Very well.
*Dr. [DATA REDACTED] turns* *Screams ensues as blood splashes across the white glass*

Date:[DATA REDACTED]
Wendigo skull SCP 323 containment breach Keter class object. Successfully secured, loss of 10 DPIS squad members and 400 000 worth of resources damaged.


Dr. [DATA REDACTED]: Immediate removal and destruction of SCP 323-A is necessary
Dr. [DATA REDACTED]: No, there is too much risk of losing too much resources and manpower

[CASE CLOSED. NO EXPERIMANTATION ON SCP 323-A IS PERMITTED WITHOUT CLASS 5 CLEARANCE AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS CONSENT]

